
The outbreak of Coronavirus at the end of 2019 puts the entire of China and the world at the risk of disease. Therefore I make a map to show the current situation of the infections. The data is provided by WHO and National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China. It maps the current number of confirmed infections in each country or province. This map is drawn for all ordinary citizens who are concerned about the development of the diseases. The size of the circle is used to roughly express the severity of the disaster in different regions. One of the reasons I made this map is to hope that more people would be aware of the seriousness of the infectious disease, and the other reason is that people would be aware that in a globalized world, public health is no longer a single country problem but a global problem. Although the virus broke out from China, it can be seen from the map that Europe, North America, Southeast Asia and Middle East have been invaded by the virus. This reminds us that we should unite to face major public health issues.

I chose to use a dark background and red circles to draw this map and use different size to show the degree of infection. The strong contrast can highlight what I want to express. Secondly, in the case of 1.3 zoom, all circles are allowed to cover each other to show the area affected by the outbreak from a national perspective. When you zoom in on the map, the circles will begin to blur and the stroke of the circle will appear, allowing viewers to distinguish between infections in different provinces.

Of course the map is rough and still needs a lot of improvement. First of all, I didn't understand how to add text on the map. Some of them still need special annotation to make the data expression more clear. Secondly, I hope when the user clicks the red circle, more detailed information can be displayed, such as how many people are currently infected and how many people have died. This will improve the interaction with the user and make the information transmission more efficient and accurate. Third, I hope I can do it in a better look but I do not know how, now it is obviously not cool enough.
